name:sgroup_grade
sentence:The baby ate an apple.
sentence:Put the doll in the yellow chair.
sentence:We are going to give every girl a doll.
sentence:Her house is yellow.
sentence:Your doll is in the chair.
sentence:Many people live farther away.
sentence:We went over there.
sentence:She came to my house.
sentence:At noon we will eat.
sentence:When did you eat?
sentence:He has a big brown house.
sentence:Have you been there?
sentence:Did you eat at his house or her house?
sentence:My brother has the doll at his house.
sentence:My house is big.
sentence:Your doll is under the table.
sentence:We have many dolls.
sentence:In the rain we have to walk fast.
sentence:We went to her house to play.
sentence:Her shoes were brown.
sentence:Mother has a green dress on.
sentence:Have you been to her house?
sentence:Did you eat the orange?
sentence:The girl has a purple chair.
sentence:My house is green and white.
sentence:She can jump high.
sentence:In the morning mother will read a book.
sentence:He can run fast.
sentence:We went to his house to eat.
sentence:Say please when you ask for it.
sentence:We have a black table at our house.
sentence:Father has blue pants and a green shirt.
sentence:Before we eat, put the doll in the house.
sentence:Did you have the doll?
sentence:THe house is red.
sentence:We will keep it at our house.
sentence:She said no.
sentence:Did you say yes or no?
sentence:He is very kind.
sentence:Today I will read a book.
sentence:What time are you going home?
sentence:Can you come over to play?
sentence:She went for a walk with her doll.
sentence:He blew his nose when he was sick.
sentence:The chair is too high.
sentence:Do you know where his house is?
sentence:I had orange juice when  I ate the banana.
sentence:Bill put the baby in the chair.
sentence:She is very nice.
sentence:I said yes.
sentence:We ate at your house.
sentence:Can you come to my house?
sentence:Did you go to her house?
sentence:Is your house purple?
sentence:The house is blue.
sentence:Do you like to drink soda?
sentence:They ran out in the rain.
sentence:Give her the orange.
sentence:Do you want water or orange juice?
sentence:Say thank you when they give it to you.
sentence:He never ate the banana.
sentence:Did you come to my house?
sentence:Are you going with me?
sentence:Walk fast in the rain, but do not run.
sentence:This house is where we went.
sentence:Would you like a banana?
sentence:He came over to play.
sentence:She is the woman in the red dress.
sentence:Another doll was in the blue chair.
sentence:She said yes.
